## Minutes

25-09-2021

## Team Standup

### Matt

* Did a lot of UI changes


## Action

* @Ray - We need to make the second letter hint
* @Matt / @Jordan - To fix festival and Maori festival speaking
* @Jordan - Make timer skip view
* @Ray - to make root directory findable from execution
* @Matt - To make speed selection persist across different rounds
* @Ray - Make result screen consistent colours
